About the job
Summary

At Apple, great ideas quickly have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish here.

Do you want to be part of a team that builds cutting edge software service, a team that is continually innovating and is proud of making a difference? If so, bring your passion and talent and come join us to be part of something big and amazing.

Apple's IS&T team is looking for highly motivated and talented engineers to build the next generation of software services that powers several mission critical applications.

Description

Build QE test plans, strategies and cases for any given app/feature

Collaborate with Dev, BPR and other project teams to execute test plans and deliver high quality products

Automation, performance and code quality testing using tools like Playwright, Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber- JVM, REST API, Appium, Postman, SOAPUI, JMeter, Jenkins, Sonarqube.

Experience of using GenAI models for coding and other tasks.

Perform functional, system, integration and exploratory testing.

Self-motivated, self-driven, able to grasp issues quickly and make educated, critical judgment in the situations of ambiguity and work through the constraints.

Provide project managers with timely and accurate testing status and progress during all testing phases, summarising results at project conclusion.

Able to multi-task in a dynamic, fast-paced environment in Agile method to deliver high-quality work.

Demonstrate excellent verbal and written communication skills.

Minimum Qualifications

1 to 2 years of combined work experience in Software Development Engineer in Test/Quality Engineering
Experience working with Java, JavaScript, TypeScript programming languages
Exposure to automation, performance, software quality testing tools and CI/CD integrations
Experience in developing test strategies, scenarios and cases for UI(Web and Mobile apps), API/Web Services, DB workflows etc
Exposure to GenAI solutions and AI models
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Bachelor’s degree or foreign equivalent in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Information Technology or related field

Preferred Qualifications

Experience in functional, system, integration and exploratory testing
Expertise in QE processes, tools and metrics
Good knowledge of automation framework architecture, design and development
Experience working in Agile development environment
Proven track record to deliver high-quality work on tight schedules
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment with frequent context switching