About the job
Be a part of an exciting growth journey of Groww.
About Groww
Groww is India’s fastest-growing investment platform founded in 2016 by alums from Flipkart, ICICI, IITB, IITD, BITs Pilani and is backed by marquee investors like Tiger Global, Sequoia Capital, Ribbit Capital, and Y Combinator. We are a unicorn with a valuation of $3.2Bn with a user base of around 1.5 Cr who prefer Groww as their investment platform.
Groww is on a mission to democratize access to financial services for millions of Indians responsibly. We are a customer-first company. We believe in crafting the best and most delightful user experience for our customers. And we leverage first-principle thinking and technology to solve problems at scale. If this excites you, join us.
Our Values: We take pride in our values and hold ourselves to a high standard on:
Radical Customer Centricity: 
Ownership-driven culture :
Simplicity in our products and personalities: 
Transparency on everything
Long term thinking 
Know your team:
We are a team of very enthusiastic hustlers who like to challenge themselves more with every new experience. SDETs own quality. As quality owner of a particular product, we come up with creative ideas to ensure that we deliver high-quality products to our customers. We work with the team right from day one of any new user story and understand what we are building and how we test it.

As a Software Development Engineer in Test, you need to have technical skills: 

Automation testing of applications built using Java, Spring Boot, and Python
Manual and automation testing of B2C / Cloud (GCP) / SaaS / Mobile-first product components and microservices-based architectures
Proficiency in test frameworks and tools: JUnit, TestNG, Mockito, Fitnesse, Cucumber, Selenium, Karate, Playwright
Knowledge of Test-Driven Development (TDD) and Behaviour-Driven Development (BDD)
API testing using Postman / Swagger
Experience with performance testing tools such as JMeter / Locust

What We're Looking For
Ability to understand product solutions and design comprehensive test cases and test strategies
Strong understanding of test frameworks, libraries, and best practices
Solid grasp of the underlying tech stack used to build the solution, including message brokers, databases, and caching solutions
Proficiency in at least one programming language with the ability to write automation scripts for REST API testing
Strong understanding of databases and SQL queries
Experience integrating automated test execution with CI/CD build pipelines
Good understanding of SDLC and test strategies, including unit testing, regression testing, and app/web/API test automation
Ownership of weekly Build Verification Testing (BVT)
Ability to leverage AI tools for test planning and execution