About the work from home job/internship Selected intern's day-to-day responsibilities include: 1. Creating posters and graphics using Canva to promote our causes. 2. Organizing fundraising activities and generating funds. 3. Enhancing our social media presence through engaging posts and expanding our follower community. 4. Managing our digital brand reputation. 5. Making videos related to our causes. 6. Attending online meetings. 7. Helping us with volunteering during our events. 8. Submitting a report on completion. Skill(s) required Canva Instagram Marketing LinkedIn Marketing Pinterest Marketing Social Media Marketing Teaching Earn certifications in these skills Learn Social Media Marketing Learn Graphic Design Learn Creative Writing Learn Digital Marketing Learn Business Analytics Learn Business Communication Who can apply Only those candidates can apply who: 1. are available for the work from home job/internship 2. can start the work from home job/internship between 4th May'26 and 8th Jun'26 3. are available for duration of 2 weeks 4. have relevant skills and interests * Women wanting to start/restart their career can also apply. Perks Certificate Letter of recommendation Number of openings 100 About Scope For Change Website Scope for Change is a non-profit organization dedicated to empowering individuals and communities through sustainable development projects. We work on a variety of social and environmental initiatives, striving to create positive change in the world. Our team is passionate, dedicated, and driven by a shared commitment to making a difference. Our projects are focused on education, women empowerment, the environment, social well-being, and health. Flagship Project 'Hamein Padhao Hamein Badhao': SFC is making a profound impact on lives through education by providing underserved communities with access to quality learning opportunities. By establishing learning centers and educational programs in marginalized areas, they are breaking the cycle of poverty and empowering individuals to shape their own futures. Through their holistic approach, Scope for Change is equipping students with essential skills and knowledge, transforming their lives and opening doors to endless possibilities. Activity on Internshala Hiring since June 2023 259 opportunities posted 507 candidates hired Apply now