About the job
Location: Hyderabad or Chandigarh
Work Mode: Hybrid

You will be responsible for:
Ensure IT validation packages are inspection ready and in compliance with applicable company policies and procedures.
Work autonomously with related IT contacts and the business process SMEs for this purpose.
Support as SQA in the Review and Approval and implementation of regulated IT applications.
Ensure continuous improvement and gives input related to the validation strategy for IT changes.
Collaborate with the development team to build compliance capabilities in order to assure the quality of the deliverables and ensures business needs are met.
Writing and execution of SDLC deliverables (e.g. MVP, Risk Assessment (FMEA), Requirements, IQ, OQ, PQ, Trace Matrix, and System Release).
Review and Approval of SDLC deliverables (e.g. MVP, Risk Assessment (FMEA), Requirements, IQ, OQ, PQ, Trace Matrix and writing of System Certification).
Review of CAPA s, Change Control and Defects as it applies to software validation.

About you:
Must have previous experience validating systems.
Proficient in understanding of GxP regulations and validation principles.
Experience in SDLC/Software Validation with Several years of SQA experience.
Strong analytical skills with the ability to organize work in a logical, thorough and succinct manner.
Understanding of risk management principles, regulatory requirements and, industry best practices.
Knows the difference between Waterfall and Agile software development methodologies.
Previous experience with automated testing and implementation.
Familiarity with a range of applications/tools including JIRA, Confluence, Client-ALM, Tosca, Confluence, Veera ,Qtest, M-Files, or other continuous integration tools.
Effective with written and verbal in English communications at all levels, providing input and regulatory guidance to project teams.
Role must maintain compliance expertise and be effective at applying requirements in the IT and business environment that supports business goals and maintaining a compliant state.