About the job
Come and join a Winning Team
Be remarkable. Be yourself.

Why Should You Join Us?
At ASW, we believe in our people, in teamwork and the importance of your personal growth. If you are looking for the opportunity to join our award-winning international family with over 17,000 stores across 31 markets in Asia and Europe, the ASW family welcomes you…

A typical day in this Role:
Collaborate with business stakeholders, IT teams, and external vendors to gather requirements, conduct business process analyses, and identify opportunities for system enhancements and optimization
Employ your proficiency in system design and configuration to develop and tailor IT systems specific to our business environment
Work collaboratively with internal and external teams to ensure smooth integration of various systems, enabling seamless data flow and efficient information exchange between different applications
Proactive monitoring of system performance, promptly resolving store-level IT incidents, and conducting regular maintenance activities
Ensure security, integrity, and compliance of our IT systems to relevant regulatory requirements

Success will depend on:
Academic background in Computer Science, Information Systems, or a related field
Proven experience as an IT System Analyst or in a similar role, preferably within the retail or FMCG industry
Strong troubleshooting skills and the ability to effectively resolve IT incidents
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills
Demonstrated ability to work both independently and collaboratively within a team
Meticulous attention to detail and a commitment to delivering high-quality work


What is holding you back?
Grasp this opportunity and don't let this great chance to shape your life slip away!
Apply now!

We are an equal opportunity employer and welcome applications from all qualified candidates. The information provided will be treated in strict confidence and be used only for consideration of your application for relevant/ similar posts within the AS Watson Group.