About the job
Mission

As part of Schneider Electric’s Energy Management R&D Center in India, you will design, develop, and deliver high‑quality full‑stack software solutions that enable, enhance, and accelerate the selling of Schneider Electric products, solutions, and services.

Profile

You are a seasoned full‑stack engineer with hands‑on experience in designing, developing, deploying, and monitoring enterprise‑grade applications. You bring deep expertise in Java, Spring ecosystem, Angular, and modern front‑end development.

Responsibilities

 Provide strong leadership, hands‑on design, architecture, and coding expertise.
 Help the Architect in designing solutions and guiding the team throughout implementation.
 Break down complex technical problems.
 Collaborate with architects, product owners, and cross‑functional teams.
 Plan delivery milestones and mitigate risks.
 Work with Dev, QA, and DevOps teams for releases.
 Ensure cybersecurity best practices.

Required Knowledge & Skills

 75% hands-on coding role.
 Strong in Java, Spring, Angular, JS/TS, HTML5, CSS3.
 Experience with Azure services (Service Bus, Event Grid).
 SQL & NoSQL (Elasticsearch) experience.
 CI/CD with Git, Jenkins, Azure DevOps.
 Experience with microservices & API integrations.

Qualifications

BE / B.Tech / MCA in CS, IT, or related fields.

Looking to make an IMPACT with your career?

When you are thinking about joining a new team, culture matters. At Schneider Electric, our values and behaviors are the foundation for creating a great culture to support business success. We believe that our IMPACT values – Inclusion, Mastery, Purpose, Action, Curiosity, Teamwork – starts with us.

IMPACT is also your invitation to join Schneider Electric where you can contribute to turning sustainability ambition into actions, no matter what role you play. It is a call to connect your career with the ambition of achieving a more resilient, efficient, and sustainable world.

We are looking for IMPACT Makers; exceptional people who turn sustainability ambitions into actions at the intersection of automation, electrification, and digitization. We celebrate IMPACT Makers and believe everyone has the potential to be one.

Become an IMPACT Maker with Schneider Electric – apply today!

€40 billion global revenue

+9% organic growth

150 000+ employees in 100+ countries

You must submit an online application to be considered for any position with us. This position will be posted until filled.

Schneider Electric aspires to be the most inclusive and caring company in the world, by providing equitable opportunities to everyone, everywhere, and ensuring all employees feel uniquely valued and safe to contribute their best. We mirror the diversity of the communities in which we operate, and ‘inclusion’ is one of our core values. We believe our differences make us stronger as a company and as individuals and we are committed to championing inclusivity in everything we do. 

At Schneider Electric, we uphold the highest standards of ethics and compliance, and we believe that trust is a foundational value. Our Trust Charter is our Code of Conduct and demonstrates our commitment to ethics, safety, sustainability, quality and cybersecurity, underpinning every aspect of our business and our willingness to behave and respond respectfully and in good faith to all our stakeholders. You can find out more about our Trust Charter here

Schneider Electric is an Equal Opportunity Employer. It is our policy to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities in the areas of recruiting, hiring, training, transferring, and promoting all qualified individuals regardless of race, religion, color, gender, disability, national origin, ancestry, age, military status, sexual orientation, marital status, or any other legally protected characteristic or conduct.