About the job
Our Purpose

Mastercard powers economies and empowers people in 200+ countries and territories worldwide. Together with our customers, we’re helping build a sustainable economy where everyone can prosper. We support a wide range of digital payments choices, making transactions secure, simple, smart and accessible. Our technology and innovation, partnerships and networks combine to deliver a unique set of products and services that help people, businesses and governments realize their greatest potential.

Title And Summary

Data Scientist I

Overview

Product Data & Analytics team builds internal analytic partnerships, strengthening focus on the health of the business, portfolio and revenue optimization opportunities, initiative tracking, new product development and Go-To Market strategies.

 Are you excited about Data Assets and the value they brings to an organization?
 Are you an evangelist for data driven decision making?
 Are you motivated to be part of a Global Analytics team that builds large scale Analytical Capabilities supporting end users across 6 continents?
 Do you want to be the go-to resource for data analytics in the company?


The ideal candidate has a knack for seeing solutions in sprawling data sets and the business mindset to convert insights into strategic opportunities for our company.

Role

 Work closely global and regional teams to architect, develop, and maintain advanced reporting and data visualization capabilities on large volumes of data in order to support team analytics and reporting needs across products, markets and services.
 Translate business requirements into tangible solution specifications and high quality, on time deliverables
 Create repeatable processes to support development of modeling and reporting
 Effectively use tools to manipulate large-scale databases, synthesizing data insights. Provide 1st level insights/conclusions/assessments and present findings via Excel and PowerPoint.
 Apply quality control, data validation, and cleansing processes to new and existing data sources


All About You

 Experience in data management, data mining, data analytics, data reporting, data product development and quantitative analysis
 Financial Institution or a Payments experience a plus
 Experience on SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) and SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)
 Advanced SQL skills, ability to write optimized queries for large data sets (Big data)
 Experience on Platforms/Environments: Cloudera Hadoop, Big data technology stack, SQL Server, Microsoft BI Stack
 Experience with data visualization tools such as Tableau, PowerBI, a plus
 Experience with Python, R, a plus
 Experience presenting data findings in a readable and insight driven format. Experience building support decks.
 Excellent problem solving, quantitative and analytical skills
 In depth technical knowledge, drive and ability to learn new technologies
 Strong attention to detail and quality
 Team player, excellent communication skills
 Must be able to interact with management, internal stakeholders and collect requirements
 Must be able to perform in a team, use judgment and operate under ambiguity


Education

Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in a Computer Science, Information Technology, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, M.S./M.B.A. preferred


Additional Competencies

Excellent English, quantitative, technical, and communication (oral/written) skills
Analytical/Problem Solving
Strong attention to detail and quality
Creativity/Innovation
Self-motivated, operates with a sense of urgency
Project Management/Risk Mitigation
Able to prioritize and perform multiple tasks simultaneously


Corporate Security Responsibility

 All activities involving access to Mastercard assets, information, and networks comes with an inherent risk to the organization and, therefore, it is expected that every person working for, or on behalf of, Mastercard is responsible for information security and must:

Abide by Mastercard’s security policies and practices;
Ensure the confidentiality and integrity of the information being accessed;
Report any suspected information security violation or breach, and
Complete all periodic mandatory security trainings in accordance with Mastercard’s guidelines.