About the job
Our vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life for all. 

Micron Technology is a world leader in innovating memory and storage solutions that accelerate the transformation of information into intelligence, inspiring the world to learn, communicate and advance faster than ever.

At Micron, we are strictly committed to delivering world-class solutions that drive forward innovation and transformation. Join our Project Management Office (PMO) as a Software Engineer and become part of an ambitious team that thrives on success!

You will play a meaningful role in ensuring the flawless execution of our projects by applying your expertise in Information Technology and Project Management. This is your opportunity to work in a dynamic and collaborative environment in Hyderabad, where your contributions will be valued and celebrated!

Responsibilities

Develop and maintain PMO processes, including portfolio, program, and project governance
Implement IT delivery models and enterprise governance structures
Build data analytics and reports using tools such as Power BI and SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS)
Configure and manage SharePoint sites, including document libraries and permissions
Collaborate with cross-functional teams, both Onshore and Offshore, to ensure the successful implementation of projects

Minimum Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience in Information Systems, Information Technology, Computer Science, or a related field
Foundational understanding of PMO processes
Proficiency in query and scripting languages such as SQL, Snowflake, PowerShell
Experience with data analysis and reporting software
Strong analytical, documentation, and collaborator communication skills

Preferred Qualifications

Exposure to Microsoft Dynamics 365 – Project Operations
Experience in defining, tracking, and implementing process metrics
Familiarity with Agile Project Management concepts and frameworks
Hands-on experience with Microsoft Power Platform tools
Experience using AI/GenAI tools to improve productivity and efficiency

This is an outstanding opportunity to be part of a team that is crafting the future of information technology. Your expertise will help us compete at the highest levels and achieve outstanding results. Join us and make a difference!

About Micron Technology, Inc.

We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions transforming how the world uses information to enrich life for all. With a relentless focus on our customers, technology leadership, and manufacturing and operational excellence, Micron delivers a rich portfolio of high-performance DRAM, NAND, and NOR memory and storage products through our Micron® and Crucial® brands. Every day, the innovations that our people create fuel the data economy, enabling advances in artificial intelligence and 5G applications that unleash opportunities — from the data center to the intelligent edge and across the client and mobile user experience.

To learn more, please visit micron.com/careers

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.

To request assistance with the application process and/or for reasonable accommodations, please contact hrsupport_india@micron.com

Micron Prohibits the use of child labor and complies with all applicable laws, rules, regulations, and other international and industry labor standards.

Micron does not charge candidates any recruitment fees or unlawfully collect any other payment from candidates as consideration for their employment with Micron.

AI alert: Candidates are encouraged to use AI tools to enhance their resume and/or application materials. However, all information provided must be accurate and reflect the candidate's true skills and experiences. Misuse of AI to fabricate or misrepresent qualifications will result in immediate disqualification.

Fraud alert: Micron advises job seekers to be cautious of unsolicited job offers and to verify the authenticity of any communication claiming to be from Micron by checking the official Micron careers website in the About Micron Technology, Inc.