About the job
About Us

We are a global climate technologies company engineered for sustainability. We create sustainable and efficient residential, commercial and industrial spaces through HVACR technologies. We protect temperature-sensitive goods throughout the cold chain. And we bring comfort to people globally. Best-in-class engineering, design and manufacturing combined with category-leading brands in compression, controls, software and monitoring solutions result in next-generation climate technology that is built for the needs of the world ahead. 

Whether you are a professional looking for a career change, an undergraduate student exploring your first opportunity, or recent graduate with an advanced degree, we have opportunities that will allow you to innovate, be challenged and make an impact. Join our team and start your journey today!

To design, develop and bench test the firmware (embedded software) modules for new products as well as the existing products by working with global engineering teams

Design and develop embedded software modules for explicit as well as implicit product requirements
Review product requirements for its feasibility towards design, coding and testing.
Develop and submit design documents for the firmware development activities undertaken.
Debug and resolve software issues and faults
Follow organization’s software development processes and procedures
Record and share technical knowledge and experience gained
Support development leader on estimation and risk identification for the assigned work
Support seniors/leader to ensure that the project milestone deadlines are met
Collaborate with global engineering teams for successful embedded software development**

Our Commitment to Our People

Across the globe, we are united by a singular Purpose: Sustainability is no small ambition. That’s why everything we do is geared toward a sustainable future—for our generation and all those to come. Through groundbreaking innovations, HVACR technology and cold chain solutions, we are reducing carbon emissions and improving energy efficiency in spaces of all sizes, from residential to commercial to industrial.

Our employees are our greatest strength. We believe that our culture of passion, openness, and collaboration empowers us to work toward the same goal - to make the world a better place. We invest in the end-to-end development of our people, beginning at onboarding and through senior leadership, so they can thrive personally and professionally.

Flexible and competitive benefits plans offer the right options to meet your individual/family needs. We provide employees with flexible time off plans, including paid parental leave (maternal and paternal), vacation and holiday leave. 

Together, we have the opportunity – and the power – to continue to revolutionize the technology behind air conditioning, heating and refrigeration, and cultivate a better future. Learn more about us and how you can join our team!

Our Commitment to Inclusion & Belonging

At Copeland, we cultivate a strong sense of inclusion and belonging where individuals of all backgrounds, and with diverse perspectives, are embraced and treated fairly to enable a stronger workforce. Our employee resource groups play an important role in culture and community building at Copeland.

Equal Opportunity Employer

Copeland is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, religion, national origin, age, marital status, political affiliation, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, disability or protected veteran status. We are committed to providing a workplace free of any discrimination or harassment.