About the job
At Nextyn, we're on the lookout for skilled individuals to join our Research & Consulting team. As a pivotal link between data, clients, and industry insights, you'll be instrumental in delivering precise and actionable solutions that empower strategic decision-making. You will join our dynamic and collaborative team where your expertise will be valued, and there are ample opportunities for professional development. If you're passionate about in-depth analysis, connecting data-driven insights, and enabling strategic decision-making, apply now to be a part of Nextyn’ steam!

Candidates from Mumbai who can join immediately are preferred.

Responsibilities:

Performing quantitative and qualitative research based on the project requirements (Use/Implement other market research databases, tools, and methodologies for executing the project)
Compiling data and preparing reports/deliverables related to the project while covering in-depth understanding of emerging trends, market assessment, and other factors influencing the concerned product/service.
Analyzing and interpreting project data to identify patterns and offer solutions/consultation to the clients.
Supporting other consultants/analysts in the organization to deliver optimum results for a project.
Liaising with the client to keep them updated regarding project status, deliverables, and other related information.
Moderate discussions with industry stakeholders – CXOs, Directors, VPs based on the project requirements.
Prepare detailed competitor profiles, customer profiles and associated reports including operational, financial, and corporate data.
Prepare competitive benchmarking reports (technical and financial)
Other assigned tasks based on the project requirements and client deliverables.

Qualifications:

Master's/bachelor’s degree in business or economics or engineering or related discipline 1 - 3 years of experience working with data in a related field.
Excellent communication skills.
Fluency in Microsoft Office suite (Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, etc.).