About the job
"Innovate, Learn, and Grow: Start Your Career as a Trainee in Our Dynamic Tech Team!"

For quick response ensure to follow our LinkedIn profile: https://in.linkedin.com/company/atidan-technologies-pvt-ltd, along with your CV, cover letter and video profile link on careers@atidan.com


We are looking for new software graduate students (2026/ 27) with a high academic record, excellent verbal & written communication skills and logical thinking ability.

Selection Criteria: 75% and above 10th, 12th and Graduation
Preferred: BE/BTech - Computer Science, Information Science, Information Technology (IT)
Location: Mumbai - Andheri East

Job Description:
Develop & support custom-built applications and participate in the product development.
Participate in the analysis of requirements to understand the business and system needs regarding user interfaces, application enhancements, new functionality, and back-end processes.
Code and modify simple applications using programming tools. Document all code using standard forms and procedures, adhering to all naming conventions.
Create reports and work with others in the technical and analytical aspects of report creation.
Participate in the unit, system, and user acceptance testing.
Adopt new and emerging technologies to provide solutions to client needs.
Required Primary Skills:
Analysis, Development, Enhancement & Support of Projects
Highly Motivated & Excellent Team Player
Possess Good Analytical & Debugging Skill
Secondary Skills
Strong Communication Skills
Performance Driven
Innovative
Analytical
Attention to Detail
Problem Solving


Atidan offers a range of benefits to its employees, including:
Health insurance: Health insurance is offered for the entire family.
Education plans: Atidan offers education plans to help employees upskill.
Performance-based incentives: Atidan offers performance-based incentives to employees.
Going Extra Mile (GEM) rewards: Atidan rewards employees for their contributions to the company through the GEM program.
Work-life balance: Atidan offers benefits to help employees balance their work and life, including subscriptions for physical fitness and entertainment.
Flexible timings: Atidan offers flexible timings to its employees.
Soft skill training: Atidan offers soft skill training to its employees.