About the job
What You'll Do

You will lead production scheduling automation and optimization project

Mathematical Modelling: You will develop mathematical models and algorithms to solve optimization problems. Formulate problems as linear programming, integer programming, mixed-integer programming, or constraint programming models.
Data Analysis: You will work with large datasets, conduct exploratory data analysis, and apply statistical and machine learning techniques to extract valuable insights. Identify patterns and trends in the data that can be used to improve optimization models and algorithms.
Model Implementation: You will implement mathematical models and algorithms using programming languages such as Python. Develop efficient and scalable code to solve complex optimization problems.
Simulation: You will develop and run simulation models to evaluate different scheduling strategies and their impact on manufacturing efficiency
Performance Evaluation: You will evaluate the performance of optimization models and algorithms by conducting experiments and simulations. Identify areas for improvement and propose modifications to enhance efficiency and effectiveness.
Collaboration and Communication: You will collaborate with cross-functional teams, including data engineers, software developers, and business stakeholders, to understand their requirements and translate them into actionable OR solutions. Communicate findings, insights, and recommendations to both technical and non-technical audiences effectively.
You will provide operations research algorithm expertise in other Supply Chain & Operations projects
You will also Inventory Management, including multi-echelon inventory optimization and probabilistic based inventory strategy.

You will provide operations research algorithm expertise in other Supply Chain & Operations projects

You will be responsible for Inventory Management, including multi-echelon inventory optimization and probabilistic based inventory strategy
You will be responsible for Replenishment and deployment planning constraint and allocation solver building and configuration.
You will be building sourcing decisions tool to optimize sourcing and allocation to maximize profitability in consideration of business growth strategy.

You will conduct POC and use case report on various supply chain and operations optimization topics:

You will explore use case to leverage deterministic, probabilistic approaches in various domain of supply chain and operations functions.
You will build proof of concept, business case for future optimization projects.

What We’re Looking For

You with 1-3 years' experience of operations research projects.
You with proficiency in programming languages, such as Python.
You have good English communication skills.

What Can Set You Apart

You with Supply Chain and manufacturing related experience is a plus
You with strong communication skills to convey complex concepts to non-technical stakeholders. 

Goodyear is one of the world's largest tire companies. It employs about 63,000 people and manufactures its products in 49 facilities in 19 countries around the world. Its two Innovation Centers in Akron, Ohio, and Colmar-Berg, Luxembourg, strive to develop state-of-the-art products and services that set the technology and performance standard for the industry. For more information about Goodyear and its products, go to www.goodyear.com/corporate

Goodyear is an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to any characteristic protected by law.