About the job
Please note this posting is to advertise potential job opportunities. This exact role may not be open today but could open in the near future. When you apply, a Cisco representative may contact you directly if a relevant position opens.

Meet the Team

CX is a team of outstanding technical guides whose #1 focus is to deliver a premier customer experience. We help take on the toughest business challenges with network-centric solutions that accelerate customer and partner success and dedication. Our success is validated through outstanding financial results, growing customer happiness metrics, industry recognition, and employee happiness scores.

Your Impact

Develop complex designs, implement Cisco leading-edge technologies worldwide and provide optimization services to the largest networks and customers in the world.
Consult to solve problems that cross a broad range of technologies and determine the best solutions for customers.
Review customer requirements and propose designs to meet business needs
Build and maintain relationships with a variety of customers.

Minimum Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree (BE/B.Tech./BSC) in Engineering, or a related technical field with 0-2 year of professional experience in software development or technical consulting.
Knowledge of Data Structures & Algorithms and Relational Database management.
Fundamentals of software development lifecycles, including version control.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with ability to troubleshoot technical problems.
Ability to multi-task, self-start, and work in a fast-paced team environment and the ability to work independently. 

Preferred Qualifications

Proficiency in any programming language (e.g Python, Java, C++, Golang)
Basic knowledge of Linux/Unix and networking fundamentals
Passionate about networking, information technology or computer science.
Fluent in English (verbal and written).

Why Cisco?

At Cisco, we’re revolutionizing how data and infrastructure connect and protect organizations in the AI era – and beyond. We’ve been innovating fearlessly for 40 years to create solutions that power how humans and technology work together across the physical and digital worlds. These solutions provide customers with unparalleled security, visibility, and insights across the entire digital footprint.

Fueled by the depth and breadth of our technology, we experiment and create meaningful solutions. Add to that our worldwide network of doers and experts, and you’ll see that the opportunities to grow and build are limitless. We work as a team, collaborating with empathy to make really big things happen on a global scale. Because our solutions are everywhere, our impact is everywhere.

We are Cisco, and our power starts with you.