About the job
About Cleartrip
Launched in July 2006, Cleartrip India Pvt Ltd. has emerged as India’s fastest-growing online travel
technology company. In April 2021, Flipkart acquired 100% of Cleartrip’s shareholding, and
subsequently Adani Enterprises acquired a significant minority stake in Cleartrip in October 2021. With an aggressive plan to emerge as a leading innovator in the industry, Cleartrip is on its way to building a differentiated value proposition for its customers looking for end-to-end travel solutions. With industry-first offerings such as ‘EzCancel, Flexifly, and TravelSafe’, Cleartrip has a clear vision to disrupt the OTA segment.
Combining intuitive products with a customer-centric approach and a wide selection of flights and
hotels, Cleartrip brings a unique selling point to market, offering convenience, choice, competitive
prices, and exclusive content to its customers.
Become a Cleartripper today!

About The Role & Team

The Software Development Engineer's core responsibilities include working on highly-maintainable and unit tested software components/systems that address real-world problems. You will be working in a fast-paced and agile work environment delivering quality solutions that have immediate business impact.

What you’ll do:
You will assume complete ownership of the projects you deliver while collaborating with technical and non-technical stakeholders on all elements of the development process. You are expected to
demonstrate good learnability and adopt technologies that help build large scale, performant, reliable and sustainable systems.

What you’ll need:
Minimum 1 year experience
• Strong with analytical and problem-solving skills
• Good understanding of data structures & algorithms with space & time complexities
• Good with Java programming language with knowledge on design patterns
• Preferably experience in building applications using java spring boot framework
• Experience working with databases (Oracle/MySQL/ NoSQL)
• B Tech in Computer Science or equivalent from a reputed college