About the job
Job Description

What We Do

At Goldman Sachs, our Engineers don’t just make things – we make things possible.  Change the world by connecting people and capital with ideas.  Solve the most challenging and pressing engineering problems for our clients.  Join our engineering teams that build massively scalable software and systems, architect low latency infrastructure solutions, proactively guard against cyber threats, and leverage machine learning alongside financial engineering to continuously turn data into action.  Create new businesses, transform finance, and explore a world of opportunity at the speed of markets.

Engineering, which is comprised of our Technology Division and global strategists groups, is at the critical center of our business, and our dynamic environment requires innovative strategic thinking and immediate, real solutions.  Want to push the limit of digital possibilities?  Start here.

Who We Look For

Goldman Sachs Engineers are innovators and problem-solvers, building solutions in risk management, big data, mobile and more. We look for creative collaborators who evolve, adapt to change and thrive in a fast-paced global environment.

Your Impact

Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) is an engineering discipline that combines software development and systems engineering to build and run large-scale, massively distributed, fault-tolerant systems. At Goldman Sachs, SRE is responsible for the availability and reliability of our firm's most critical platform services and ensures they meet the requirements of our internal and external users. We also develop and operate the observability platforms that all other engineering teams use to make their services reliable. We look for engineers who are motivated to collaborate with other engineering teams and our businesses to build and run sustainable production systems, which can evolve and adapt to changes in our fast-paced, global business and regulatory environment.

How will you fulfil your potential?

Balance feature development velocity and reliability with well-defined SLOs.

Run the Production environment by monitoring availability and taking a holistic view of system health.

Drive incident management process and support a blameless post-mortems culture.

Partner with development teams to improve services via rigorous testing and release procedures.

Participate in system design consulting, platform management, and capacity planning.

Create sustainable systems and services through automation and uplifts.

Champion reliability and resilience engineering practices and knowledge across the firm.

Basic Qualifications

BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field involving coding and / or systems engineering.

Proficiency in one or more of the following: Go, Python, C, C++, Java, Perl, Ruby or shell scripting.

Experience with product engineering practices, algorithms, data structures, and software design and/or Experience with UNIX operating systems internals and / or networking.

Preferred Qualifications

Experience with distributed systems design, maintenance, and troubleshooting.

Hands-on experience with debugging and optimizing code, as well as automation.

Strong interpersonal skills, drive, and ownership. 

Coding beyond simple scripts.

Solving novel problems from first principles.

Experience working in highly regulated, financial services firms.

Excellent people leadership skills either as an engineering manager or individual contributor

 

About Goldman Sachs

At Goldman Sachs, we commit our people, capital and ideas to help our clients, shareholders and the communities we serve to grow. Founded in 1869, we are a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm. Headquartered in New York, we maintain offices around the world. 

We believe who you are makes you better at what you do. We're committed to fostering and advancing diversity and inclusion in our own workplace and beyond by ensuring every individual within our firm has a number of opportunities to grow professionally and personally, from our training and development opportunities and firmwide networks to benefits, wellness and personal finance offerings and mindfulness programs. Learn more about our culture, benefits, and people at GS.com/careers. 

We’re committed to finding reasonable accommodations for candidates with special needs or disabilities during our recruiting process. Learn more: https://www.goldmansachs.com/careers/footer/disability-statement.html

© The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2023. All rights reserved.

Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity