About the job
The Company

Gentrack provides leading utilities across the world with innovative cleantech solutions. The global pace of change is accelerating, and utilities need to rebuild for a more sustainable future. Working with some of the world’s biggest energy and water companies, as well as innovative challenger brands, we are helping companies reshape what it means to be a utilities business. We are driven by our passion to create positive impact. That is why utilities rely on us to drive innovation, deliver great customer experiences, and secure profits. Together, we are renewing utilities.

Our Values and Culture 

Colleagues at Gentrack are one big team, working together to drive efficiency in two of the planet’s most precious resources, energy, and water. We are passionate people who want to drive change through technology and believe in making a difference. Our values drive decisions and how we interact and communicate with customers, partners, shareholders, and each other. Our core values are~

Respect for the planet
Respect for our customers and
Respect for each other

Gentrackers are a group of smart thinkers and dedicated doers. We are a diverse team who love our work and the people we work with and who collaborate and inspire each other to deliver creative solutions that make our customers successful. We are a team that shares knowledge, asks questions, raises the bar, and are expert advisers. At Gentrack we care about doing honest business that is good for not just customers but families, communities, and ultimately the planet. Gentrackers continuously look for a better way and drive quality into everything they do.

This is a truly exciting time to join Gentrack with a clear growth strategy and a world class leadership team working to fulfil Gentrack’s global aspirations by having the most talented people, an inspiring culture, and a technology first, people centric business.

The Opportunity

We are currently looking for a Software Engineer – Junior~

To support the development of quality Gentrack products by actively contributing and collaborating with team members and other developers across teams. Operating within best coding practice is essential to this role, as is a team mind-set.

Support initiatives run by the GSTF and demonstrate our company values by providing a clear commitment to environmental and social responsibility. 
Contribute through identifying/proposing local sustainable practices and ideas in accordance with our Sustainability Charter. 
Utilise our sustainability app by taking part in challenges and improving behaviours to be more sustainable. 

The Specifics 

 Analysis of customer requests
 Produce solution artefacts and estimations
 Peer reviews solution artefacts
 Develops, maintains, deploys, and supports solutions developed through implementation life cycles
 Produces relevant documentation to assist with knowledge transfer
 Active participation in planning, stand-ups, estimation, retrospectives, and backlog grooming as appropriate. 
 Establishes strong business relationships with customers
 Takes responsibility for ensuring standards and procedures are followed
 Responsible for a team’s quality delivery of tasks
 Identifies and highlights relevant risk and provides resolution recommendations
 Perform basic network and database tasks
 Communicates to customers in all communication channels
 Provides advice to customers on the best use of Gentrack products
 Able to provide advice to customer on industry best practices
 Work as part of an integrated business team to achieve the best business solutions
 Be a positive influential force for technical best practice
 Open to work on proprietary language

What we're looking for (you don’t need to be a guru at all, we’re looking forward to coaching and collaborating with you)~

Qualification~

Bachelor’s Degree in computer science, Software Engineering or comparable professional development and commercial experience.

Experience~ 1-2 years

Technical Skills~

 Programming/Software Development in Programming language (C/C++)
 Software Testing
 System Design
 Data Analysis
 User Experience Analysis
 Innovative Thinking

What we offer in return~

Personal growth – in leadership, commercial acumen, and technical excellence
To be part of a global, winning high growth organization – with a career path to match
A vibrant, culture full of people passionate about transformation and making a difference -with a one team, collaborative ethos
A competitive reward package that truly awards our top talent
A chance to make a true impact on society and the planet

Gentrack want to work with the best people, no matter their background. So, if you are passionate about learning new things and keen to join the mission, you will fit right in.